Drop 'reverse proxy' language (#9746)
aspnet/Docs: aspnetcore/host-and-deploy/aspnet-core-module.md

The following characteristics apply when hosting in-process:

> * The [Kestrel server](xref:fundamentals/servers/kestrel) isn't used. IIS HTTP Server (`IISHttpServer`) is a custom <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Server.IServer> implementation used to convert IIS native requests into ASP.NET Core managed requests for processing by the app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The [Kestrel server](xref:fundamentals/servers/kestrel) isn't used. IIS HTTP Server (`IISHttpServer`) is another <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Server.IServer> implementation used to convert IIS native requests into ASP.NET Core managed requests for processing by the app.
```
